#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
build==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
camel-converter[pydantic]==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   meilisearch
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   secretstorage
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -c https:/raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-search
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-stubs==5.2.2
    # via djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==5.2.2
    # via django-stubs
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework-stubs==3.16.2
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   readme-renderer
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   openedx-events
edx-search==4.1.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-search
    #   event-tracking
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c https:/raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-search
event-tracking==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-search
faker==37.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
fastavro==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
id==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   twine
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-functools==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
jeepney==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
keyring==25.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   twine
kombu==5.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
meilisearch==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-search
mongomock==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mypy==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via mypy
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
nh3==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   readme-renderer
openedx-atlas==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
openedx-events==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   event-tracking
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   kombu
    #   mongomock
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
    #   twine
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mypy
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   camel-converter
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pylint==3.3.8
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   event-tracking
    #   mongomock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   twine
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   id
    #   meilisearch
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   twine
    #   typesense
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   twine
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   twine
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
sentinels==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   mongomock
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-lint
    #   event-tracking
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
tox==4.28.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
twine==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.20250516
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
types-html5lib==1.1.11.20250809
    # via types-beautifulsoup4
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250822
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typesense==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
    #   kombu
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   twine
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
